This is my finished codepen: https://codepen.io/TroySchennum/pen/bGVbpjK?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    A language that helps desrice html.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    building the framework of your site.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    a is used for links
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The most important header tag. Once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    head elements like meta info
    7. What is an id? 
    A selector for CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    all of them
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    no limit
    10. What is a class? 
    it is a group selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    group elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    description
    15. How do I reference an id?
    with # in front of it
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is a bigger grouping than a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    for styling a website
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    with its selector
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is more specific than a class. You'd use both to style a group and then target an indiviudal in the group.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    from the html
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    You can select a child of a parent. When you want to target something specific in the parent element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a selector that selects a state like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitals; uppercase lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    ctrl shit /
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you could delete something important
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    to track changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork the repo and add tl collaborator. download it to your computer and into a folder. Import it into vs code. push repo from your computer back to github. pull request.